refactor: get started, config and simple example (#76)
opennextjs/docs: pages/aws/get_started.mdx

### Other Frameworks

> The OpenNext community has contributed deployment options for a few other frameworks. Many of these are no longer maintained, so newest versions of OpenNext is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenNext community has contributed deployment options for a few other frameworks. Many of these are no longer maintained, so newer versions of OpenNext may not be supported.
```
